Where is the pervert?
I'll send someone to arrest him now
This, this, this pair, catch him
Catch him, pervert
Shameless
Arrest them both
Not arrest us
Arrest him, arrest us for what? Arrest him
The satyr is right
It's you who are caught
Mr. Chu is the owner of this villa
He lives here without any problems.
What, you said he's the head of the household?
If false, replace it.
Let them go
But isn't this house always lived by Sister Luo Ying?
Why is the car driving?
Luo Ying is my senior sister
I sponsored this house for him
If you want to do the math seriously
You have to call me the landlord is the senior sister.
Junior brother and sister
Sister Luo Ying, you are finally back
Senior sister
Stay away from me
I haven't seen you for so many years, I don't know my junior brother
I watched you take a shower when I was a kid
You beat me a lot
Junior Brother, is it really you?
I, oops, this one has grown so tall, hahaha.
Oh, Sister Luoying, he is really your junior brother.
What happened to you?
It's the following.
These tenant ladies
I mistook Mr. Chu for pain
pervert
Now that things have been explained
Then we should go too.
Tell me what's going on.